connie and virgil escapes from the
walkers and takes shelter in a house
virgil searches the house to see if it
is safe he guaranteed her that there is
no one in the house except for them
he asked her to take some rest and he
will keep a lookout but connie still
thinks it's not safe in there
meanwhile frost is being tortured back
in the meridian by the pope's men he
asks daryl to take the turn and speed
things up daryl wanted to save frost but
has to torture him or the pope will get
suspicious
frost gives the location after daryl
cutting one of his fingers
kelly leaves alexandria in search of
connie later joined by the others
what the hell were you thinking
you should have told us
connie sees someone creepy while she was
at the restroom it was the people who
lived there they have turned into a
feral state and have become cannibals
virgil was attacked by one of them but
he managed to hurt the creature by
stabbing it
pope sent a team out with daryl and leia
to the yellow house to catch maggie and
the others
daryl manages to give maggie a signal
without the others seeing him
they were lucky enough to see it and
escape before the pope's people got to
them
nothing
[Music]
virgil and connie are sitting in the
dark horrified of what they had just
witnessed the rest of the feral
creatures came out one by one to hunt
both of them
one of them hurts virgil real bad but
connie saves him
they were both cornered at the front
door connie was brave enough to open the
door and let the walkers save them from
the fearless both of them got out of the
house kelly and the others got there in
time to save them when daryl leia and
the rest of them got back to the
meridian the pope has killed frost and
says that he has got everything he
wanted from him this made daryl angry
but can't do anything he's just
realizing how unpredictable this guy is
you